This is the summary of theGame.  There are multiple planets in a finite space.
Multiple (2 to start) players fight to knock out the other player(s).  The game
ends when only one player remains.  Each player has a base planet that houses
their headquarters.  The players can fight local populations to take over and
colonize new planets.  Populations on planets create ships of several types to
attack and colonize.  Initial ship types include a colony carrier, a scout, a
swift attack (think jet fighter), a slower attack (think B2), and a ship that
can act as a defensive ship for the planet if they win.

Ships need to be created by the local population.  The larger the population,
the faster/more ships that can be created.  Each planet may have an individual
growth rate.  Planets can research new technology (new ships types, faster
propulsion, more attack strength, improved agriculture to increase population
growth, etc.).  

All decisions are made by the headquarters.  The HQ is initially housed on the 
base planet but it may be possible to create a "HQ ship" that can move the HQ
to another planet.  Players may want to move the HQ in order to remain unseen
or to be closer to the action.

All communications take place at the speed of light. This is the central 
feature of the game.  Because all decisions need to be made by the HQ, info
and events must be received by the HQ before commands are issued to the other
colonies and ships.

Ships move at less than the speed of light.  They accelerate with constant
force and that force is both specific to the type of ship and may change over
time with new research.

Visibility is limited.  All planets are visible but ownership is not.  
Population size, numbers and types of ships and whether a planet is the HQ are
not known.  This may be a type of research to develop.  As technology improves,
visibility of these things increases spatially but only from a local colony or
scout ship and views are again limited by the speed of light.  

Each player (HQ) will have their own view.  Communications between colonies are encrypted and may not be viewed by the other team.  It may be possible to send
out unencrypted messages but they still travel at the speed of light.  Because
of the time lag, views will always be out of date, especially colonies and 
events that are far from HQ.  
 
